# DS105-project-test

## *Motivation* 📈🚀
The financial sector is an integral part of the economy and is what drives the global capital markets. Having such an influence on the economy of not just individual countries, but the world collectively, the financial sector is what brings together most countries regardless of politics, beliefs, or background. In order to better understand why the economy is the way it is, we wanted to look deeper into some of the factors that are driving the world markets. Through analyzing the Standard and Poor's 500 (S&P 500) Index, we would be able to give a snapshot of the current market as this index provides the top 500 equities by market capitalization. Given these large-scale corporations, we will be able to provide our audience with a summary of the overall health of the economy and financial sector. Especially as of now, this is extremely relevant as many large financial institutions and global economies are bracing for what could be the next possible "large-scale" recession. This information could help our readers understand why the market is performing the way it is and potentially what to expect in the coming months.

## *Data* 📊
By using the New York Times API and Yahoo Finance, we will be able to provide readers with both quantitative and qualitative resources to complement each other. Through using Yahoo Finance, readers will be able to observe the quantitiative side of the market, observing the perfomance of the various sectors and individual equities within the S&P 500 Index. Through the use of the New York Times API, readers will be provided with an assortment of articles between January 1st, 2022 and December 31st 2022 in order to gain a general understanding of why the market is where it's at in terms of perfomance and overall economic health. As a recession looms, many people who are not necessarily up to date on the markets will be able to obtain a brief understanding of the events leading up to the state of the global economy now. 
